# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is open-format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week or some of the things that you are still struggling with; identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally reflect on how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn that was a shock or surprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?


I was a bit worried starting the course this week, unsure if I would be able to work well in a fast-paced environment like CodeWorks. So far though things are going pretty well. I'm understanding most of what we've talked about in lectures. Bootstrap is still new to me and a bit of a mystery, and I think my html has gotten a lot messier because of all the bootstrap classes I throw in. I'm also not 100% clear on using margin vs padding, as for some things the effect is basically the same. I'm sure with more time I'll understand this better. 

I struggled with finishing the afternoon labs, for some reason they were just really hard for me. Thankfully, when it came to the Checkpoint, it made a lot more sense after having the entire day to work on it. It was also a lot more enjoyable because I picked a real topic for the site instead of it being a vague "Impact" site that didn't really do anything.

In the future, I think it will be important to make sure that any project I'm serious about has a theme that makes sense to me.